welcome to trailer talk today we're
going to talk about the stock trailer
bicorn profile club pro trailers are a
new trailer brand for us at lambing
group of companies and we looked at this
and we had to figure out what is it that
we need in a stock trailer of a basic
stock trailer what are people looking
for now I've moved a few horses and a
few cows in my time and I look for a few
features one I like it to be low to the
ground with rubber ride axles and this
says Dexter rubber ride axles underneath
it too I like it to be 6/6 also you can
move horses or cattle in it three I like
it to have a lot of smooth sides and no
sharp edges so the animals are going to
be safe on the inside that's a few
things that I look forward to begin with
and then I look at safety features for
when you're moving the animals for
instance what I like about this trailer
how its set up it's a single gate inside
you've got an outside release you don't
have to get in that's safe you're away
from the animals a few other things I
look for is the ease of use I like how
this slides we added a rubber bumper
which is necessary this is a pretty easy
release mechanism this trailer is really
set up to move cattle and horses if
you'd like pretty easy
inside the trailer there's lots of
things I like it does have a nice smooth
wall interior that's safe for the
animals you can see there's a couple of
vents up front that are built in that
add lots of air flow a real solid man
door that has a very secure robust latch
on the side and this single slam works
amazingly well as I've said there's lots
of things I like about this trailer but
I would be remiss if I didn't tell you
about a few things that I don't like
first off when you live in Canada
there's a lot of gaps on the back that
are hard to close up
well this one is outfitted with a
plexiglass track so you can put
Plexiglas system in place it's it's not
the cleanest the last little pet peeve I
have about this trailer is the
mechanical damage that's already
occurred from the latching system it's
it's going to happen I mean that's the
way things are however perhaps in the
manufacturing process some sort of where
plate here would protect against that
that being said this is a great trailer
it's everything that you need to move
around a few few horses or your cattle
in the pasture
you